---
layout: post
title: Hamilton/G4G15
date: 2024-02-24 4:00:00-0400
description: The 15th annual Gathering 4 Gardner Conference.
tags: personal-update #TODO
categories: weekly #TODO
giscus_comments: true
#you can also do redirect: some other place
---

I'll add this briefly before I go back to Gathering 4 Gardner for the rest of the day. Mainly, I am writing this on the weekend.

1. What did you do this week?
2. What couldn't you do this week?
3. What are you looking forward to this weekend?
4. What are you looking forward to next week?

What did I do this week? Mainly volunteer work and tropical geometry homework if anything. That is my definition of work this week, more so the volunteer work. Monday I planned out my day and spent the afternoon working. Briefly worked out at the gym. Tuesday I skipped class to do homework and SAW HAMILTON IN THE EVENING :DDD. Wednesday I worked in the morning and volunteered at Gathering 4 Gardner. Thursday I kept working in the morning, attended classes, and came home to work some more. Friday I helped with Admitted Students Day after teaching a little messy studio and then went to the evening event of G4G15. A very cool magic show! A magician called a stranger on the phone and guessed the amount of change in their hand!

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/hamiltonFeb24.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    A picture outside of the Fox Theatre. I almost forgot to include this, but it was the highlight of my week!
</div>

What couldn't I do this week? Research and understanding what's happening in tropical geometry. Dedicating more time to that next week.

What are you looking forward to this weekend? Gathering 4 Gardner, Truth Values Play, meeting a lot of recreational mathematics folk!

What am I looking forward to next week? Slowly returning back to my regular schedule - getting more exercise next week compared to this week.