---
layout: post
title: Shrek
date: 2024-02-02 4:00:00-0400
description: Running around doing different tasks.
tags: personal-update #TODO
categories: weekly #TODO
giscus_comments: true
#you can also do redirect: some other place
---

So this week turned out to be a lot. Saturday I stayed at home and enjoyed the rain, Sunday I hiked Stone Mountain with my friends (and consequently ditched some club meetings I had). It's kinda been a blur since then.

Oh yeah, this Wednesday there was a tea time question: Let ``$$ G = <a, b, \ldots, z, ' | ~> $$`` where two words are equivalent if they are homophones. Ex: ``$$\text{sea} = \text{see} \implies a = e$$``. What is ``$$ G $$``? We are still debating whether ``$$ G = <v> $$`` or ``$$ G $$`` is trivial.

1. What did you do this week?

Worked on Analytic Number Theory homework (Monday-Tuesday), wrote some problems for my organizational event (Monday), attended a good job talk from Abhishek Oswal and went to a snack tasting event in the evening (Tuesday), sent some emails for my organizational event and made up a missed lecture (Wednesday), faced an onslaught of classes and was rewarded with **Shrek movie night** and tennis (Thursday), and gave a small 10-minute talk for undergraduates (Friday). I think I confused them even more...

Also, I performed standup on Wednesday!

2. What couldn't you do this week?

Tropical geometry homework. That's due next week.

3. What are you looking forward to this weekend?

Taking some time to actually relax. I'm not good at that. Oh, and the Duke-UNC Game! How could I forget?

4. What are you looking forward to next week?

Main thing is starting and finishing tropical geometry homework. After that, my professor gave me a research problem to start looking into and its feasible/tangible. And I want to really get started with research.