---
layout: post
title: Leap Day
date: 2024-03-01 4:00:00-0400
description: Leap Day finally happens, same old same old.
tags: personal-update #TODO
categories: weekly #TODO
giscus_comments: true
#you can also do redirect: some other place
published: false
---

Finally leap day! Nothing in particular happened, but it's been roughly 4 years since I met my online friend group through means of COVID. Okay, they're arguing 3.5. But still.

It is Friday afternoon, I just ate lunch, and I have zero motivation left in me. I'm going home early (sorry gym plans).

1. What did you do this week?
2. What couldn't you do this week?
3. What are you looking forward to this weekend?
4. What are you looking forward to next week?

I wrote problems for the High School Math Day, sent in logistics, and looked at a lot of emails/conferences. I meant to take Wednesday off, but it just became more work. I did work on research, but barely. I need to step it up. I learned about polytropes - polytopes convex in $$\mathbb{R}^n$$ and $$\mathbb{TP}^{n}$$ and am now looking to compute their Ehrhart polynomials. I also learned about tropical convexity and the cell decomposition of tropical convexity (which my advisor cleared up for me.) I wonder 
1. What polytropes can you obtain? How many (use the triangulization)?
2. What are their corresponding Ehrhart polynomials? Does tropical convexity have an interpretation/easy Ehrhart polynomial formula?

I am looking forward to going to [WreckCon](https://wreckcon.org) and finally taking time to relax before the big week next week.

Next week is High School Math Day, which I have been an organizer for (and whenever I've written I've been busy with logistics, I was busy with this), for the past few months! Can't wait to see all of our hard work come to fruition!