---
layout: post
title: Bowling
date: 2024-02-19 4:00:00-0400
description: A big week involving raw pizza dough.
tags: personal-update #TODO
categories: weekly #TODO
giscus_comments: true
#you can also do redirect: some other place
published: false
---

Oops, forgot to write this too. Last week there was a lot, but we made it through! Woo! So I realize I haven't been formatting my four questions correctly and that I need to keep them together...

1. What did you do this week?
2. What couldn't you do this week?
3. What are you looking forward to this weekend?
4. What are you looking forward to next week?

So what did I do last week? Well... work. Plenty of it. With a sore throat. I went into work on Monday and spent so much time planning before going to a seminar grudgingly and going to Math Lab. I then spent the rest of the way working on logistics (it helps I dropped a class last week and now I have some breathing room). Tuesday I spent time preparing a meal for a Valentine's Day party later that day, which was splendid, before doing some tennis. Wednesday through Thursday was just logistics. I went home on Wednesday, but it was work remotely. Wednesday morning I remember reading a bit of Enumerating Polytopes, before realizing I should in reality be reading Tropical Convexity by Develin and Sturmfels. Friday I scrambled to get a decent research update and to complete work for my internship. Spent the rest of the evening griding out logistics. Oh yeah! And Thursday, I went bowling! I also hosted a board game night, but the pizza company gave us RAW piza dough. It was still edible, but... I didn't want to risk it.

I couldn't complete as much research, but I have two research papers I want to try to read first before Enumerating Polytopes. That is, if I survive this week.

I went to Duluth with my Korean friends! Got a haircut, ate shabu shabu, and bought my obscene amount of groceries for the semester. Took the rest of the time off.

This week, I am attending the [G4G](https://gathering4gardner.org) conference and seeing Hamilton! Also more logistics. This should be the last week. I pray so.

Okay, it's 6:36PM and I've been working my butt off. I'm going home (after going to the gym briefly).